
Rpeorts:
1: Report Assigned
* After reviewing the case its clear this is a political case. There's not much I can contritube that UN agents, artifical or w
2. Origins Revealed
  Serial killer was a sub hunter like the detectiv
  They inhabitated whale bodies and disable subs
    Traveled in telepathic pods. Sonar ping gave away locations easily.
    They'd attempt to pull the subs down. 
    They'd attach and attempt to tilt. 
    If they couldn't sink it they may be able to force an emergency ballast blow to rapidly ascend. If the enemy did this early it they'd likely survie but not be able to fight.
    If they did it late they'd most likely be able to be pulled down by the pod.
  Wonders if this killer was in his pod
3. Report on Whaler questioning
  All whaler vetrans were questioned. With no evidence point to any of them as suspects
4. New Crime scene report
  Decided to visit in person to give the humans more confidence. 
  Chilling seeing the crime live. Unexpected.
  He does pick up a few clues. The splitting maul the killer used was made from hull of one of the sunken subs he'd helped sink.
  Needs to reinvesitgate the Whalers. Perhaps widen the search for scavanging crews.
5. No new suspects. Interviews epxanded to all navy verterans. He's becoming unpopular amoung the Antartican population.
6. Victim Analysis
  All Human Vetrans had enemies but none in common
  Many had commit heinous crimes of thier own. 
  Sub Analysis
    Mostly nuclear subs
    Perhaps the victim had lost family in the blast.
7. Honeypot Report
  Before the detectives body was killed, he knew the detective was a plant. While the dectives body was incapcitated they talked. Killer ask he knew why what its like to hear the screams of a sub crew sinking. Detective shares thier common background. Asks if the screams haunt him why does he create more? Killer explains becuase he wasn't there to hear his family's. He doesn't want to end the scream. He wants more. 
8. The honey pot was able to identify the killer and prevent him from jumping through the web. He still has several bodies with his mind loaded in through out the world though. 
9. killers signature give more clues
  The similarities mount between the killer and the detective. But how? How could he be the killer? He'd know. And he had no family.
10. Self investigation. 
  Difficult but he did have family. Killed in the blast.
  He was treated for PTSD. His family memories were wiped to prevent psycosis. The damaged part of his mind was removed. 
11. Doctor Report
  The PTSD was deep. 
  Records were kept of what was removed
  But someone pulled them and deleted what was left. 
  The theif was caught but the code was never recovered. It was just memories and a few subcouncious subroutines. Not enough to make a person. You'd have had to had a copyt of the orignal mind.
12. Letter to self
  Pre procedure detective made a copy of 2 copies of himself. 
  One to steal the psycocis
  One to merge back with it.
  This was how balance was found between vengence and living.
  The thief copy would be caught to prevent further investigation. 
  The psycosis copy would create more copies and load into various bodies around the world. Not cheap but it was easy to find enough vetrans who lost poeple in the war. They helped fund it. Also was easy enough to steal from the vicitims.
13. Resignation
  The detective decides to hunt the remaining copies. Its not easy or cheap. He can't save them all. Limits his life to be the same as the last surviving enemy sailor. Maybe he'll end it sooner, and let the killer have them. 

