Onboarding Report
1. Rio De Janeiro - November 22nd
  a. Who: 4 victims - Former Brazilian Navy. Served together on a small personal carrier sub during the war. 
  b. What: All 4 killed by a weapon. A splittling maul was left at the scene. Axe's head's weight is 13 kg. Unusually large. Likely custom made.
  c. When: Late night after the victims where heading home from a  a local bar
  d. Where: In an alley on thier way home.
  e. How: Victims were likely intoxicated. Not much struggle suggest it happened quickly. 5 quick swings of an axe that size would mean the killer was unusually strong. No witnesses. 
  f. Why: ???
2. Jakarta - December 15th
  a. Who: 6 vicitims - Merchant ship workers, former navy vets. Specifics of military service unclear.
  b. What: They appeared to be stalked and killed individually. Another heavy bladed weapon was used. Similar to the Rio weapon. CCTV has tape of a suspicious individual that lines up with the murders. The docks were immediately locked down once the first body was found yet the killer escaped.
  c. When: At night, while the vicitms were inspecting cargo. Killed individually, likely snuck up on. A single blow from a large axe wouldn't have been audible to anyone around.
  d. Where: This happened across the shipping yard. 
  e. How: Just like the killers exit, his entrance into the yard is unclear. The CCTV didn't pick up and of the slain bodies suggesting the killer knew the survalence well. Survalence is extensive to prevent theft, so it would seem this required advanced planning. 
  f: Why: The similarities with the Rio incident suggest the killer is targeting former Navy men. Further details unclear

3. London Report
   London - January 3rd
  a. Who: 1 vicitim : Naval admiral overseaing British subs fleet
  c. What: Midday. The admiral had a mistress, whom the killer let leave. Little to no struggle. The mistress has be somewhat cooperative. Was able to give a description. Large male. Carrying a splitting maul. Local CCTV cameras identified and tracked the man's movements. 
  c. When: The killer entered the home at 12:00. Estimated time of death was 12:02. 
  d: Where: Killed in his bed, in his home. Maul was left near the body
  e: How: It seems the victim was sitting up, facing the killer. A single blow from the maul to the head crushed and remove much of the victims face. The killer left, walked to a tube station, and jumped infront of an oncoming train. Cybernetic hardware from the remains of the killer's body suggest this was a uploaded person. Destroying the body and much of the hardware did destroy much of the evidence. All digital information was wiped clean.  
  f: Why: All victims were Navy so it appears the killer is targeting Navy vetrans of all nationalities. Its unclear if there are further links between these men. This incident has been covered signifigantly by media. Possibly another part of the motive. The fact that victim was cheating on his wife might be another aspect the killer wanted to exploit.

  Personal Notes:
  Much work has been done to rebuilt the relationships between Antarticans and the rest of the world. This case threatens to undo much of that work. The few low level navy vets could have easily ignored, but an admiral in one of the world's wealthiest cities certainly draws attention. All nations involved have more than capable detectives. Antartican detectives are being asked to assist as a political gesture. I'm not sure I'll be able to provide any additional insight. Although I am sure that my own Navy experience does look good in the news, which maybe why I was one of the detectives selected. 

January 5th
All Navy vetrans are being asked to be on high alert.

Janurary 6th
Download Terminal Analysis
* We attempted to cross reference Antartican travel logs with the download terminals. Nobody was loading into body matching the killers description was found at any of the neaby terminals. Its possible the the killer downloaded somewhere else and flew between the cites. No one was found to have matched those travel logs either. 

January 12th
Several black market terminals have been raided. A body fitting the description of the killer was reported at one of these terminals near Rio. Its suspected the killer used a black market terminal then travels in a shipping container to the Jakarta ship yard. Most countries are cooperating but the possibilities are numerous. 

January 18th
I'm taking a few days off. I know my Navy experience was seen as an asset, but the details of these cases is reigniting my PTSD from those days. When I became a detective I didn't expect to have to deal with much gore. We don't have much of that here in Antartica. I'd hoped my Navy days would be me last. Therapy has worked in the past to remove the harmful nerual paths in my mind before. I'm hopeful it can work again. 

Feburary 9th
Omaha Masacre Report
Who: 32 victims: Navy vetrans at vetrans hall.
What: 23 of the vetrans were armed with handguns but were unable to stop the killer. Exits were blocked from the outside. The killer used a large peice of steel to block the bullets. He was also wearing armor. And it appears this body while similar had several additional enhancements. The steel sheild and his additional weapons seem more than any human body could carry.
When: Afternoon. During a scheduled meeting
Where: This happened at a vertrans meeting hall. 
Why: While this did get media attention, this appears to be full assualt. This is the work of soldier who didn't want a war to end. This killing indicates that this isn't a politically motivated attacks. This is a psycopath looking for vengance. The warnings to navy vetrans will go out again. I hope they take it much more seriously this time. This killer won't be done until he's dead himself.

