1.1 The Aunt (Interview) 
    Trust: Wants government to stop uploads. To stop the parents from doing it.
    Held a funeral that became a lightning rod for the debate
    Mistrust: Betrayed by Sister. Upset Nephew is uploaded. Doesn't believe he's alive
1.2 First days in digi-land (Diary)
    Mistrust: Nephew introduced to digital life. Feels like a prison
    Trying to understand who to trust
    Trust: Finds the residents he can trust. Those who are working on escape.
2.1 Teacher's (Field Notes) 
    Shame and doubt: No idea how or what to teach digital kids
    They surpass what she can teach in just a few days
    Autonomy: She’s done her job. They are intelligent and able to care for themselves.
2.2 Escape Articles 
    Autonomy: The kid's escape is their choice. Left a paradise to explore
    Shame and Doubt: They notice the damage they're doing and the stress on their parents
3.1 Robin Hood Investing (Whitepaper) 
    Initiative: Escaped digitals found a firm and become very wealthy buying and selling utilities
    Guilt: Unsure whether to be proud since they sabotage assets before purchase. 
3.2 Transcendense's last stand (Death Note) 
    Guilt: Feels he’s let down his people, since he stopped being able to funnel money to Antarctica 
    Initiative: A last stand against SEC agents. Intends to crash markets so Antarticans can buy goods cheap.
4.1 Antarctica Presidential (Televised Interview) 
    Industry: Uses Antarctica's economic, scientific, and social impact on global affairs to ask for UN representation. 
    Is killed in a knee jerk reaction at the end of the interview.
    Inferiority: Knows he’ll first and foremost be a digital being. Never be equal in bio’s eyes
4.2 D-day (Congressional Hearing) 
    Identity: Bio's confidently attack Antarctica to force Antarctica back into global affairs
    Confusion: Bio's realize their incompetence relative to Antarctica's when the invasion fails. Difficulty coping with a new world order
5.1 The Refugee Crisis (New Report) 
    Confusion: Antarctica upload center is being swarmed as food shortages increase
    Identity: Bio's attacking refugees to prevent "deaths" , making it clear who to trust
5.2 The Split self (Fairy Tale) 
    Identity: Story of an Antarctician Spy who tried to separate his good and bad parts
    Confusion: Ends locked in a merge conflict putting both sides of himself into stasis
6.1 "The talk" (Letters to a son). 
    Isolation: Dad's letter to son to avoid over indulging in pleasure
    You can’t connect with someone else if you only live for self satisfaction.
    Intimacy: Pleads with son to find someone to love, because he can't be happy alone
6.1 The Asuncion Charter
	 Intimacy: City build to foster close interpersonal connections amoung biological humans
	 Isolation: They encourage terrorist attacks. Isolating them politically and ultimately leading to their demise
6.2 Titan facilities (Business report) 
    Isolation: Consultants report on how to fix productivity issues on Titan. 
    Paid him a lot of money to figure out the obvious, people need connections. 
    Intimacy: Consultant leaves without finishing to be back with his family. 
7.1 The last testament (Religious Text Excerpt) 
    Stagnation: A third biblical testament about the end days. 
    Embraced by Bio's and Digital's
    Generativity: gives hope to those clinging to humanity
7.2 Final peace treaty (Legal document with explanations) 
    Generativity: The last testament shows cooperation is possible, but humanity needs a framework for all people.
    Life and rights defined.
    Stagnation: Governments agree. The system stands for decades but many on both sides aren’t happy with it.
8.1 Human Manifesto
    Integrity: A note from the terrorist before they launch a nuclear EMP strike to exterminate the uploaded.
    Despair: Knows that the uploaded will recover and reatke the earth
8.2 The Kid's Last Words (Interview) 
    Despair: An Interview before suicide. His era is over and he'll hand the reins to the next generations. Humans die, and he is human. 
    Era of humans is over. It gave birth to new gods
    Integrity: A message of hope in a world of despair. Looking to the stars.
