Outline

* There are many stories of humanity
* Perhaps its pointless to tell the story again.
* Perhaps it will be lost in the sea of stories.
* But I have to try.
* I was compelled to add my view becuase of my pivotal place in history,
* and desire to help future historian and social scientist understand humanities final centuries

* The data about the fall of man has its own story to tell. 
* Many social scientist beleive they have equations that fully explain what happened. 
* They beleive humanity followed a predicable mathmatical path.
* Perhaps they're right
* But you can't ignore the role of individuals in humanities stories. 

* The following records are a collection of pivotal moments. 
* While every individual was pivitol to humanities triumphs and tragedies
* These 16 records should help you understand what life was like for the countless humans of the time.
* What they acheived was incredible
* What happened was horrendous
* All those who perished have earned the right to rest in peace
* and to be remembered for their incredible journey that changed the fate of the universe


Writing Draft 2:

If you're reading this, congratulation. You've found my work in the endless sea of data contained in this archive. I don't know who you are, or why you are here. I don't know if these records are a greeting, a guide, a warning, or whatever. But you have them now. You can choose what to do with it. 

I should give a little brackground first. I wanted to be a fiction writer. I wanted to make new fantastical worlds filled with charecters larger than life. I wasn't very good at that though. My parents said "Go take a class in Histortical Analysis via Computational Statistal Methods. You'd do great at that." The class was as boring as it sounds. I failed that class. I managed to get good grades, but about half way through I sort of just gave up. The professor noticed and thanks to him my work in this monument to the failures of my kind. At least someone is reading my work I guess. 

So now back to this report. In case you're unaware, "Historical Analysis via Computational Statistical Methods" is all about trying to write a mathmatical model to explain humanity. I tried. I really did. I even made some contirbutions to the field. 

But I saw the exponentional complexity every time you added the tinest bit of data. You'd think you made progress but then you add in that a "good" guy in Toronto cut in line at the coffee shop. Or add some Grandma kept making that baby blanket even though the kid would never be born. Your whole model went to shit. You start over. Blank slate. Square one. Sure you'd learned something so your next model could be better, but after thousands of iterations and ungodly amounts of computing power. I decided it wasn't worth it. I figured it be easier to track every atom on Earth than it would be to explain the human history.

This is why I gave up. This is when my professor said, "I know you're done with all this, but I have one more assignement. It not for a grade. You've already failed. But maybe it'll help you understand them in a way that models and math can't. Maybe it'll give you a peice of humanity no one in the class has"

 So, After pouring though historical records I selected these 16 records. They tell a story. I'd say a story is the best you'll ever get if you want to know humanity.
 
 These records outline the last 200 years of humanity as we knew it. Why 200 years? Well thats about when our history with humans began and ended. These few stories are not a full picture of humanity. 
 
 This time capsule was placed up here in orbit for good reason. Yes it'll last longer up here, but also you need to read this before you head down. Hopefully you haven't already done that. If there's humans down there they aren't kind to outsiders. We learned this the hard way.

There's plenty of models in this capsule you can compare to the situation on the ground. Use those models. See for yourselfe how useful they are. But I really hope you do pay attention here. There's lessons here you won't find in those models. And 10,000 years from now, I'm betting the humans will still be down there. Whether or not you are depends on how well you learn these lessons. 
