<Narrators Notes>

Have to pick somewhere to start. So lets start with the interview. It was bound to happen. Its so predictable that it only ever makes into research papers as a footnote. Its a way to validate and tune historical models. Its rarely studied beyond that. 

For a little context, creating memorials for the deceased is a tradition as old as humanity. Likely even predating it. Its unsurprising that as their technology grew, so would the sophistication of remembrance. 
From simple ceremonies, to elaborate ones. From painting to photographs. From videos to virtual recreations. It followed a pretty logical progression. 

Before this interview, virtual recreation were sophisticated, but still lacking.  They matched every measurable trait to the deceased. But it wasn't enough. People could tell that virtual grandma just wasn't the same. The problem was that the memorials were made from what the uploaded was willing to share. The shame, the hate, the secret biases; they're essential to that person and the their connections to others. When the hidden self disappeared, so did the whole self. And the humans were forced to mourn their dead. 

That changed. It changed quickly. Digital, quantum, chemical, and biological computers all played a role in virtual memorials. But a new type of data center seamlessly integrated all the different computing methods and processing power exploded. Less than a year after, it was possible to emulate the human brain in a cost effective way. A few months later the technology existed to copy the current state of a human brain. The only catch was that it was a one way trip. The process destroyed the physical mind.  A few months after that the product had customers. 

A human mind does not like being turned on an off though. To many it seemed inhumane to not allow these minds to "live".
Server farms for minds to live in began to spring up all over. The minds needed to socialize so communities formed. Living in one of these communities became seen as second retirement. A retirement from your living body. And the retirement homes were an obscenely lucrative venture.

At first it was only for the wealthy. And it was only done to the terminally ill. The uploaded conciseness was legally the same as all those previous virtual memorials. A thing to be owned by a grieving family member. Over time it followed predictable patterns. Prices came down until they ran out of customers. Repeat. Repeat again and again until you have have the whole market share. Then expand your market. And this is where the kid came in.

People debated the finer details and definitions for years. The rules and customs varied by country, culture and corporation. But life went on much the same as it had for millennia before.

Until a particular case that sparked an international firestorm
A single person who forced the endless hypothetical debates to meet reality.
A philosophical divide over took the collective soul of humanity. 
Even many of the old virtual memorials had strong opinions

As predictable as it might have been, it was still an inflection point. It was the beginning of the end.
</Narrators Notes>

INTERVIEWER: We're so glad to have you here. I'm sorry its not under better circumstances. I'm sure you feel, like I do, that this is an important topic for our viewers.
AUNT: I'm so thankful you had me on your show. But I wouldn't just say this topic is important. Its fundamental to who we are as human beings. It cuts to the core of our souls.

INTERVIEWER: Let's start with the events that lead us here. Can you tell the viewers what brought you here?

AUNT: This story starts when my sister gave birth. A beautiful healthy baby boy. I was there in the delivery room. I was the first person besides his mom and dad to hold him. I was in love. I knew I'd do anything for that kid. I wasn't blessed with children, but I was blessed with some wealth. His parents did everything they could to support him. They were great parents for most of his life despite their financial struggles. I wanted to help more but they were determined to show their son that hard work would pay off. Around the time he was 10 he developed a rare brain disease. There was appointment after appointment, treatment after treatment. I took him to many of those. His parents had to work. It was the least I could do. After about a year the doctors finally said they couldn't do anything else, and he'd have to enter hospice care. They estimated he'd live for about 3 months normal. After that he'd start experiencing mental decline. By 9 months he'd be lucky to be able to communicate. After that he'd loose all brain function. And a few weeks after that his brain would be gone.

INTERVIEWER: I'm so sorry. That's a horrible. I wouldn't wish that on anyone.

AUNT: The pain you feel loosing someone like that is indescribable. But you learn to accept it. You know it in God's hands. What happened next was far worse. I haven't been able to accept or forgive what happened. Its beyond comprehension. 

INTERVIEWER: So what happened next?

AUNT: I thought I had more time with him. He had a years to live. After the prognosis his parents got a call from Final Retirements. They dropped their son off with me so they could meet with them. They offered to put their son in one of their retirement homes at no cost. They planned to use him to market their services to other terminally ill children. They knew some parents would pay fortunes to keep a memory of their children. His parents were gone almost a full day. I didn't mind getting to spend time with that angel though. Finally when they arrived they told me the catch. They wanted to do the upload immediately. They were worried the brain disorder would spread and the upload would yield a very different version of their son. Those final months I thought I had with him were gone in an instant. His parents took him. The procedure was done. And my nephew was gone.

INTERVIEWER: Have you had the chance to talk to him since he uploaded?

AUNT: I've tried. But I can't bring my self to talk to it. Its not him. Talking to it would be just too painful.

INTERVIEWER: Lets move on to the events that followed. You called the cops on your sister, and were arrested for a making false report?

AUNT: Yeah. I told the police my sister had murdered her son. I know it wasn't the right way to handle things but I was pretty distraught at the time. I spent a few weeks in jail, but when I finally went to trial I was found not guilty.

INTERVIEWER: A lot of people have said that the ruling was wrong. They say that you clearly broke the law, and should have faced punishment.

AUNT: I did think I'd end up in jail longer. Many people think those uploads are real people. The laws allow parents to murder their children. But I guess there was enough people on that jury that value life. Maybe I got lucky. Maybe I just had a really good lawyer. Maybe the media attention helped. Maybe God intervene. I'm not sure but I am grateful. 

INTERVIEWER: Lets talk about the media attention a little bit. Did you ever think this would become an international story?

AUNT: I didn't think it would, but I'm not surprised it did. People are being sold a lie after lie by these "retirement homes". Some people can't see past their grief and are selling their souls for an ounce of relief. But a lot of people know that life still has value even if the end is near. And its not relief from grief their buying. Its a delusion to delay the grief. Eventually they will have to face it.

INTERVIEWER: You've become a leader of a movement. Is that something you wanted to happened

AUNT: I wouldn't say I'm a leader. There a lots of people doing more important work. It wasn't something I intended or even wanted to get involved with but now that I am involved, I'm fully committed. I'm just trying to do my part. Trying to do the right thing.

INTERVIEWER: What does you organization hope to achieved?
AUNT: New laws. Better Laws. Life is living in a human body. Nothing else. There needs to be common sense limits on who can upload and when. No one should loose a single minute of life for the sake of a memory.

INTERVIEWER: What about the elderly? Or terminally ill adults?

AUNT: Its still a life lost. Murder doesn't become ok just because someone is closer to death, or lived longer. My heart goes out to all those on there deathbeds, who want to hand down something to their families. Something that might help them grieve. Those people don't need punished. The guilty are the corporation that sell lies and death for profit. They should not get exemptions for murder just because a person asks for it. A sin is a sin.

INTERVIEWER: There can obviously be a lot of nuance in your solutions. Does your organization have any guiding principals its relies on. 

AUNT: Just one. The human body and soul and mind are interconnected and inseparable. 

INTERVIEWER: Thank you for joining us. Its been so great having you on our show. [To the audience] If you'd like to show you support please reach out with the information on yoru screen.

<Narrator Notes>
This interview was broadcast far and wide. What started as a small movement quickly becuase an international sensation. A wedge had been driven into humanity. It happens. Typically they'll fight, maybe violently, maybe not, they find a new normal and they move on. But this wedge was different becuase this was the first wedge with us involved. This was the world we were raised in. They were so busy bickering among themselves. They forgot about us. 
</Narrators Notes>
