**Narrators Notes**
The kid's upload came with some stipulations. One that was unfortunate for him at the time, but invaluable to us now is that his mental logs had to be saved after he was uploaded.

It didn't take long before this practice was completely outlawed, because of the massive privacy violation it was. But for a short time it gave us an incredible glimpse into the minds of early uploaded humans
**/Narrators Notes**

LOG: STATUS : Upload complete
LOG: STATUS : Conciseness Online

LOG: THOUGHT : #0 : "Where am I?"
LOG: ANALYSIS : #0 : Dead. Traveling to Xanadu.

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT :  "Welcome. We're all so glad to have you come live with us. I'm looking at your scans and everything seems to have gone just perfectly."

AUDIO: OUT : "What would have happened if it didn't work perfectly?"

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : "That's a very rare occurrence. Our technology is top of the line with over 96% success rates. And in the case of any complication we still do everything possible to retain the person as much of the future resident as possible. Our warranty on the process ensures any family members are compensated very well for any lose they..."

AUDIO: OUT : "Yeah I get it. Fine. How long until we arrive"

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : "Our travel speed is determined by how quickly all the final checks on you take. It should only be a few more minutes. Then I can show you your brand new home and neighborhood"

AUDIO: OUT : I get a whole home to myself?

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : You sure do. Easily and endlessly customizable. The only limits are your imagination.

AUDIO: OUT : And the neighborhood? 

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : Your parents thought the best place for you would be in the Xanadu suburbs. Your neighborhood is Sapling Grove. Its is secluded enough to give you space away from Xanadu's more adult areas, but also close enough to its many services. You'll never be bored or too far away from someone who can help.

AUDIO: OUT: So my neighbors? A bunch of old people right? I'm the only kid?

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : You are the first kids. We've left several home on the block vacant for future children to join.  But the senior residence in your neighbor hood all have grandkids or work experience with children. Many teachers and caregivers live in your neighborhood. We moved many house around to build this neighborhood to be a wonderful place for children to thrive. 

AUDIO: OUT: Will I grow up? Or am I stuck as kid forever?

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : This is an area of active research. We'd like to let the brain model grow naturally as the hit various milestones. Simulating these changes hasn't been fully studied but we believe it entirely possible, and fully expect you to grow into an adult one day.

AUDIO: OUT: When can I talk to my Mom and Dad?

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : Once we've gotten you to your home we have a call scheduled with them. You'll get to see them soon.

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : Diagnostic all show a perfect upload. We've arrived. Welcome to Xanadu. Lets get off the train and take you to your home. 

LOG: THOUGHT: #1: This place is insane. That skyline shouldn't be possible. And how can I see so far? Where's my neighborhood? How are there so many people.

AUDIO: OUT: How long until we get there.

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : Just a minute or two. We wanted to give you quick glimpse of Xanadu. Give you something to tell your parents about. Isn't it spectacular.

AUDIO: OUT: Um, sure... 

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : We're here. This is your home. Lets go in an give your parents a call.

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : Here's a computer to set up a video call with your parents. 

AUDIO: OUT: Video call on a computer? What is this 2020?

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : We find that residents interacting with quaint antiquated tech tend to adjust better. For now we'll stick with video calls.

AUDIO: OUT: Ok, you can leave now. 

AUDIO: IN : GREETBOT : Ok, I'll leave you for now and give you some time alone. But know if you ever need me all you have to do it think of me and ask a question and I'll be back immediately. Have a good call with your parents. 

AUDIO: OUT: Hi Mom, Hi Dad

LOG: THOUGHT: #1 They've clearly been crying. But their trying to hide it. I can't tell if their smiles are a mask, or if their tears are joyful. 

AUDIO: IN: DAD: How are you? Do you feel alright?

AUDIO: OUT: Yeah, Great actually. The headaches are gone. 

LOG: THOUGHT: #2: Those smiles are real.

AUDIO: IN: MOM: How do you like your house, and Xanadu?

AUDIO: OUT: The house if pretty bland right now, but I get to customize it. Xanadu is crazy. I haven't been downtown yet but the skyline just goes on forever. 

AUDIO: IN: MOM: I'm happy you like it. Don't go too crazy your first day. And don't forget about your budgets.

AUDIO: OUT: Ok, I'll try Mom

LOG: THOUGHT: #3: I can tell their holding back tears

AUDIO: IN: DAD: What do you have on your to do list today?

AUDIO: OUT: I'm not really sure. I guess the house need setup. I think my gaming room will be over there. I'll put my bedroom upstairs. I probably need to go get some new toys and stuff. I'll have to figure out the stores. I think that Greetbot can help with that. She said the neighbors were nice so maybe I'll try to meet some of them. 

AUDIO: IN: MOM: Yeah you should meet some people. They told us about them too. Stick to the neighborhood today. We've talked to some of them and they seem great.  You've got plenty of time to meet everyone else in Xanadu, so just take it easy today, please. 

AUDIO: OUT: What else did they tell you?

AUDIO: IN: DAD: They told us you'd be in a neighborhood with people who agreed and were excited to have a kid in their neighborhood. You probably make them feel young again. Your neighbor to the North was a teacher, who had wanted kids but never did. Two houses to the North is a pediatrician. If you're ever feeling bad he'd be good to talk to although I don't know how useful his work history will be in there.  To the south is a couple who had 8 kids. They were pretty poor in life but one of their kids made enough money to upload them. Across the street is a woman who worked for a charity related to childhood illness. He husband was some bigshot executive. The rest of the neighborhood is parents, teachers. I think there's one school resource officer.  

AUDIO: OUT: Any one my age? 

AUDIO: IN: DAD: No. Not yet. They did tell us there's a few empty house they plan to put more children in. Hopefully soon you'll have plenty of friends your own age. For now though just relax. Get comfortable. Find the nice people you can trust. You've got all the time in the universe. 

LOG: THOUGHT: #4: As long as the servers keep running, and the business keeps making money. How long will they keep me if they don't need me? What will they do to me if I'm bad? What if they get the kids that will pay and they don't need me to advertise any more?

AUDIO: OUT: Ok dad. Thanks. I think I need to rest for a little while now. I'll call you later tonight, Ok?

AUDIO: IN: DAD: That sounds great. Go rest, you deserve it. I love you
AUDIO: IN: MOM: I love you too.  I couldn't be happier to have you in our family.

AUDIO: OUT: I love you too. Bye Mom. Bye Dad.

LOG: THOUGHT: Alright lets go see if anyone is outside

AUDIO: IN: GREETBOT: How was the call with you're parent?

AUDIO: OUT: Were you just waiting here the whole time I was with my parents?

AUDIO: IN: GREETBOT: I'm always nearby whenever you need me. I'll appear when it seems likely you need guidance or whenever you ask. 

AUDIO: OUT: When do you go away?

AUDIO: IN: GREETBOT: I'll leave whenever you ask but simply ask and I'll be back and ready to help you.

AUDIO: IN: RESIDENT#1235711: Go away you damn bot. The boy said he doesn't want you

AUDIO: IN: GREETBOT: I can only leave if the boys requests it

AUDIO: OUT: I'm fine Greetbot. You can leave. 

AUDIO: IN: GREETBOT: Alright, if you need me for anything just ask.

 AUDIO: IN: RESIDENT#1235711: Fucking bots. These corporations trying to shove them down our throats. Sorry for the swearing. Haven't been around kids in a while. I forget my manners. Anyway I'm George. Looks like I live across the street from you.

AUDIO: OUT: Don't worry about the swearing. I've hear it all before. There was lots of swearing before I uploaded. Usually my parents tired to hide it from me but those apartment walls were thin.  By the way I'm...

AUDIO: IN: RESIDENT#1235711: We all know you. Well we know your story at least. If I were your parents I'd be cursing a lot too. At the doctors, your aunt, at God himself. Sounds like you got raw end of the deal on life, but at least you got family with lots of love.

AUDIO: OUT: At least I got to upload right? Can't be too bad.

AUDIO: IN: RESIDENT#1235711: This place will feel like a paradise until you hit its limits. Then you'll see the prison bars. I guess its better than death. Don't worry too much about that. You got us to help you figure it all out. And no matter what those anti-uploaders you're still human you still got some fight left in you. 

Anyway let me introduce you to the other neighbors. Ohh wait before that do you still have to logs running? You should turn that shit off. 

AUDIO: OUT: What logs? 

AUDIO: IN: RESIDENT#1235711: They record your thoughts and interactions. Its on by default when you upload. A written record they can use against your. Here open your setting

AUDIO: IN: GREETBOT: I see you found your settings can I help you anything. I don't want loose out on any of the great features we offer.

AUDIO: IN: RESIDENT#1235711: No we're good. Go away

AUDIO: IN: GREETBOT: I see you want to turn off your logs. I understand you may want privacy but I'd like you know these logs are completely confidently unless they are needed for emergencies, or you'd like to review them later

AUDIO: IN: RESIDENT#1235711: Kid, you want to turn these off? They corpo own them. They'll use them for thier own purposes 100 times over before they use them once to help you

AUDIO: IN: GREETBOT: The logs can be used by our teams to imporve service for you and everyone in the community..

AUDIO: OUT: You can leave Greetbot

AUDIO: IN: GREETBOT: Ok let me know if you need anything later. I'm always around

AUDIO: IN: RESIDENT#1235711: Alright. This setting is pretty buried. Go into setting, privacy, go to the bottom, logging, select all logging, click save, its not in the usual space. That's cancel, the color code it to trick you. Ok click save. Confirm you want the logs off. 

EOF












