**narrator notes** 
The company's marketing with the kid worked. Soon the new kid friendly neighborhood was filled and the company was looking to duplicate that initial kid friendly neighborhood. The neighborhoods decided . This was experimental. And scaling it would be difficult. Not many teacher could afford retirement, but that was a problem for later. For this first experiment each neighborhood got a school and a teacher who lived in the neighborhood.
We recovered the minutes of a few of these meetings from a defunct Xanadu data center. They provide a unique insight into the changing minds of a new generation

### Monday, August 1st
**Principal**: We have all the curriculums set, I've reviewed them and we all seem aligned well enough. Everyone has their class roster correct? 
_teachers confirm_
**Principal**. Great, I think we're all as ready as we can be. The next meeting is schedule for 1 week from now. But before we adjourn are there any questions
**Teacher #1:** Did we ever get counselors. That we were promised? These kids all died. I think a counselor is needed more than a curriculum. 
**Principal** the district has hire a counselor. You can feel free schedule time with them as needed. The district has also made individual therapy bots available for each child
**Teacher #2** Those bots are terrible and we only have 1 counselor for 300 student separated from their families?
**Principal** Some students do have family and you're welcome to try to connect the students of members of their neighborhoods if needed
**Teacher #2** Ok so that's going to go badly. What do we do if these students have a break down and interrupt class for other? And are we getting more counselors?
**Principal**: You can send the students home with their therapy bot if needed. If they are too disruptive and won't leave willingly you can teleport them home, and notify me I will follow up.
**Teacher #3** What other god power do we have?
**Principal** They aren't God powers the teleportation removal is only from the school to thier home. They also will not be able to reenter the school until I have cleared them to come back in?
**Teacher #3** So like a vampire?
**Principal** I guess
**Teacher #3** So any other god powers we should know about?
**Principal** You do have the ability to mute students, but its not recommended to use. You also have to have the ability to load or unload the books each student has access to. But walk them through the curriculum and you should be fine.
Any other questions? 
No, alright meeting adjourned.

### Wednesday August 3rd
**Principal**: 


