**narrator notes** 
The company's marketing with the kid worked. Soon the new kid friendly neighborhood was filled and the company was looking to duplicate that initial kid friendly neighborhood. The neighborhoods decided . This was experimental. And scaling it would be difficult. Not many teacher could afford retirement, but that was a problem for later. For this first experiment each neighborhood got a school and a teacher who lived in the neighborhood.
We recovered the minutes of a few of these meetings from a defunct Xanadu data center. They provide a unique insight into the changing minds of a new generation

### Monday, August 1st
**Principal**: We have all the curriculums set, I've reviewed them and we all seem aligned well enough. Everyone has their class roster correct? 
_teachers confirm_
**Principal**. Great, I think we're all as ready as we can be. The next meeting is schedule for 1 week from now. But before we adjourn are there any questions
**Alice**: Did we ever get counselors that we were promised? These kids all died. I think a counselor is needed more than a curriculum. 
**Principal** the district has hired a counselor. You can feel free schedule time with them as needed. The district has also made individual therapy bots available for each child
**Teacher #2** Those bots are terrible and we only have 1 counselor for 300 student living alone away from their families, after they died?
**Principal** Some students do have families and you're welcome to try to connect the students of members of their neighborhoods if needed.
**Teacher #2** Ok so that's going to go badly. What do we do if these students have a break down and interrupt class for others? And are we getting more counselors?
**Principal**: You can send the students home with their therapy bot if needed. If they are too disruptive and won't leave willingly you can teleport them home, and notify me. I will follow up.
**Teacher #3** What other god power do we have?
**Principal** They aren't God powers the teleportation removal is only from the school to their home. They also will not be able to reenter the school until I have cleared them to come back in?
**Teacher #3** So like a vampire?
**Principal** I guess
**Teacher #3** So any other god powers we should know about?
**Principal** You do have the ability to mute students, but its not recommended to use. You also have to have the ability to load or unload the books each student has access to. But stick to the curriculums we set and you should be fine.
Any other questions? 
No, alright meeting adjourned.

### Wednesday August 3rd
**Principal**: I understand not everything has gone as smoothly as we'd like. I've received numerous complaints and questions so I wanted us all to meet again...
**Teacher #4** One student was being incredibly disruptive. Calling himself the king of the underworld. I was trying to mute him and couldn't figure out the controls, so I asked a student to help, and he started muting everyone in the class. I think the whole class expect him is still on mute. 
**Principal**: We'll be sure to have a tech support bot in your class tomorrow morning. Does anyone else need a tech support bot?
*Teacher confirm*
**Principal** Ok let handle things one at a time. Alice you mentioned you were having trouble providing enough material for a student
**Alice**: Yeah, I provided the material on the curriculum and let them work through it. At their own pace. One student completed it all. 
**Principal:** Ok, just let them move to the next topic
**Alice:** No I mean everything. The whole curriculum. I think he took the material home and hacked something. He blew threw everything. I tested him on everything today and he completed it all. 
**Principal:** Ok we'll come back to that. Kurt, I was told you teleported your whole class home today
Kurt: Yeah, they finished their work for the day and were all just screwing around. We tried recess, but they got pretty bored quickly. Not as much fun when you can't get hurt. So we started playing games, but they all wanted to do their own thing, so I just sent them home. They all wanted to try the teleport.
**Principal:** The teleport is supposed to be punitive, and raised flags. The psychological effects haven't been fully studied so it shouldn't be used for entertainment.
**Kurt:** Got it. What about the other god powers? Can I play god with those?
**Principal:** I'm just going to go ahead and so no god power unless its an emergency. And they're not God powers, their teaching tools. You're going to get me fired if the media or parents start heading about God powers
Alright lets talk about one more. Um Bonnie, you had a student that you said needs counselors
**Bonnie:** Yeah, George. We got him to the counselor today. We really do need more counselors. But I don't think that's enough for one child in particular. He's finishing all his work quickly then working on something else. He seems to be dealing with some internal emotional trauma. He seems filled with anger but always has a smile when he's talked to. He's polite and engaging with his peers, but not friendly. He's planning something. He's gathering resources, knowledge, and learning everything he can about what makes his peers tick. I've seen kids like this before. Back in the real world. But they never had this level of focus. 
**Principal:** Ok Bonnie keep an eye on him but there's so many other issues right now, and he sounds like a model student. So lets fry the bigger fish first. Ok?
**Bonnie** I don't think that's for the best but I don't have a better idea.
**Principal:** I'm going to go home. Think through some of this. I can't promise tomorrow will be better but hopefully we can at least be more prepared
### Thursday August 4th
**Principal:** Apologies for the 3rd meeting in a week, but many of the issues are spilling over and I'm getting parent calls now. I'm even getting a few media requests for comments. We know a bit more about the different students. We're going to reorganize the classes basic on academic achievement.  It seems several of the students have found the "hack" to learn a years worth of material over night. They're going to need a much different teaching style than other. We've gotten funding for a second counselor
**Alice** We need way more than 2. Things are getting really out of hand. 
**Principal:** I know. These classes were experimental and the company doesn't want to shovel money into it. They're threating to shut it down if we don't get it under control
**Kevin:** So their PR stunt is backfiring and they'd rather shut it down than spend a little more money on it? Sounds about right
**Principal:** I'm not going to lie to you Kevin. You're pretty much exactly right. This program is in survival mode right now. So no more creating bots to fight each other. Ok Kevin?
**Kevin:** That was a great teaching tool! Those kids all made those bots not me. That's a skill they can actually use in this place. But I get what you're saying. Not more bot fights.
**Principal**: Bonnie how are you holding up?
**Bonnie:** I think I might have been a little luckier than my co-workers. I'm still worried about George. He's building relationships with other students now. 
**Principal:** That sounds good?
**Bonnie:** Relationships, not friendships. He's behaving more like a sales man but he's not selling anything. Not yet. He won't tell me or the counselor or the bots about it. I'm considering asking the company to investigate his thought logs.
**Kevin:** I thought all the kids turned those off?
**Bonnie:** They do but the company still keeps many of the "essential" logs in a separate inaccessible place. And they have the ability to turn the logging back on, in case of emergency
**Principal:** I can see that you're worried about your student, but if you go down that path you risk all the trust your kids and their parents have in you. If he's up to something let it play out. Its out of our hands.
**Alice:** I thought you'd be on the company's side of this?
**Principal:** I'm on the kids side. That's it. I'll play the politics with the company to give them what they need. But I'll nuke this whole program before I let it harm these kids. They've been through enough.
*A long silent pause*
**Principal:** You'll have new students in your classes tomorrow. Bonnie, I'll be sure George stays with you. Go rest up for the night. I'm not sure there's anything else we can do to prepare.

### Monday August 8th 
**Principal**: This will be out last meeting for a while. 80% of the students have completed the full curriculum for their grade level. We're still not sure how they hacked it but they spread the hack and it can't be contained now. They're testing way above the peers in the real world. The company is calling it a huge success. They're calling it the 1-week grade. They're going to market it as kids being able to complete all grade school in a week. 
**Alice:** What about the social and emotional skills? Can't do that in a week.
**Principal:** Its not in the curriculum. The company feels confident they can upsell camps and clubs as a way for kids to learn those skills. They're seeing this all a win. They can educate with less resources and they can sell additional add-ons. Its a win-win for them
**Bob:** What do we do then? Are we still teachers
**Principals:** They'll keep the infrastructure and keep you all on pay roll. They're going to want you to lead clubs an extracurriculars. There is still students that struggle with learning and will need extra attention. 
**Bonnie:** What are you going to do?
**Principal:** I'm not sure but I've stepped down from my role. It was bound to happen. The company wants a new kind of education. A more profitable one. That's not my expertise. I've been talking with parents and we're going to start an advocacy group. The parents need to feel like they can help guide their children more than the companies bottom line. If I can ever be a help to you please reach out, but from here on out I'm no longer apart of the educational experiment.
**Bonnie:** What's going to happen to the kids that graduate?
**Principal:** I wish I could tell you. The company is making a few jobs available, but I'm not sure the terms and conditions will be favorable. The company wants to build a world it controls. But I don't think they know what they've created. Some of them haven't stopped with the curriculum. They're continuing to learn far beyond.  Frankly I'm less worried about them and more worried about the fallout from when they realize how powerful all that knowledge is.
