Notes: Sentencing Trail For the man that freed the Transcendense

The escape required several layers of security
0. Gun for hire. Still not sure who hired him. Some think it was the escapees. Some evidence points to the server company to generate support for more security. Got job as a Sysadmin
1. Needed a system key. Kinapped the family of the man with key to get the password and key
2. Front door seurity needed bribed
3. Automated detection systems hacked system to attack gaurds
4. Shot any surving guards
4. Laid traps for external guards coming in
5. In the server room, wiped several incoming racks to allow outbound traffic
6. Hardwired escapees racks to outbound gateway
7. Kept shooting, using servers as cover to buy more time for escape

Prosecution is seeking the death penalty
* Billions in hardware damage
* Traumatized the family that was kidnapped unnessacarily harshly
* Dozens of sercurity guards decades
* Traps were unnessacarily lethal
* No regret. No attempts to escape mean that it all went according to plan. 

Post trail note.
Sysadmin had uploaded his mind. Afterwards his uploaded mind released a statement. He fed his biological mind extreme propaganda to harden his resolve. He felt like it was his masterpeice, after doing this work for a while. He wanted out and the secure upload was the only way. Still though after listening to the prosecutions closing statements he started to regrets his actions. So much was taken from so many. There's no real justice for the victims since he lives. What he saw as a gift was a curse to humanity. Although if he could do it all again he would. He just wouldn't have uploaded a copy of himself. The poeple in the server were hostages, slaves, property. They deserved to be free. There was no diplomatic solution. Violence was the only way. But he still deserved the punishment that came. The full punishment with no caveats. He's most disturbed that the comapny that his victims worked for didn't offer a upload service. This will be the last anyone hears from him. He wished the victims can find peace.

