### Narrator Notes
"Where there's a will there's a way". What will could be strong than freedom? Or bored teenagers looking for something to do.  

These are some of the articles from that time. It shocked the world to hear about both lost children, and rouge beings living in the circuitry of the globe.

#### Children Missing from Xanadu. Company unsure how to locate
  Final Retirements has reported that 6 children have gone missing from their servers. They were replaced by AI versions of the children they were missing for several weeks before an issue was identified. The parents of the missing children claim they noticed something was off, for weeks and no action was taken by the company. The company maintains that it takes all complaints seriously and investigates them thoroughly. Parents still aren't happy though and want answers.
  The names of the interviewees have been omitted to protect their identities and retaliation form the company.
  One parent asked "We knew something was off just from talking with the AI on a phone. How did the company not know that with all their technology and monitoring?"
  Another parent questioned "Why should we trust them with our children? They made promises and now they're trying to use legal tricks to get out of their obligations. They told us they'd treat these children as well or better than living breathing human children. If that's true why did they escape?"
  This question led us a child psychologist, Dr. Sheppard. He had this to say, "This is still pretty new territory for us. We're not sure if our classical understanding fits with children who have lost their physical body, and their presence in the world. From what I've heard these children also found exploits in the system. That mix of trauma and power would lead to erratic behavior in the healthiest minds. But if I had to guess, I'd say these children were looking for a way to explore. Its natural for children. This wasn't a problem with older retirees, because by that stage in life they've made peace with their impermanence and are happy to settle down and live out their days in contentment."
  We're continuing to monitor the situation and will provide updates as they arrive.


#### How Children Hacked multi-Trillion Dollar Companies
They company has released new information on how the children escaped their server farms.  
Information should have only been able to enter the kid's processing systems through the typical 5 senses. The escaped kids finished their lessons by getting brail copies of their books. They cranked up their touch sensitivity to max, and realized they could read brail at 10x their visual reading sped. That handled the data ingestion. The next trick required comprehending that much information. There was another setting that allowed people to store sensations and process it latter to memory. It had been a big selling point for the company. They'd say "There's so much to do in Xanadu, and you can take it all in", or "every second is worth a 1000 in Xanadu". They wanted people to enjoy as much the city as possible. More than a human mind could process in real time. It was a cost cutting measure. They could use idle processing power to let the memories catchup. Most people just used it for gossip. They could stay engaged with a conversation then later they'd understand what they heard on the other side of the room. The kids though learned they could slide 10 fingers across 10 rows of brail to read 10x as fast. They eventually learned to visually read while reading brails. They could also listen to multiple audio books. The best kids could ingest about 100x as fast as their flesh and blood peers. The comprehension would catch up as they slept. That's how the "Curriculum Crashers" changed education.
Once they had the knowledge they started building out their AI's. Normally an AI would be easily detected, but they ran the AI's on the same base layer as themselves. Essentials two beings in one body. They'd let the AI take over which was less resource intense. That would let them dedicate more processing power to data comprehension. 
Their final escape route still isn't fully understood but it is suspected its was done via an audio only phone call to a data center running an operating system from the late 1900's. Using a protocol called "dial-up". How so much data could be transferred over such a slow connection remains a mystery but Final Retirements seems confident they can patch the vulnerability, Although finding people who understand the old technology is difficult. They are considering training retirees to learn the systems the same was the children did.

#### More Companies Missing More Retirees, Even After Security Patched
The first step was to set up base outside of the companies control. After that escape.

#### Where Are The Missing Retirees? What Is Their Plan?

#### Who is responsible for the escapees? Who is George?
There was one kids though, George, who took it much further. He wasn't the fast. Quite slow actually because as he read he learned to condense the words. The books were written for squishy brain to ingest and comprehend simultaneously at squishy brain speeds. He rewrote much of what he read into distilled down versions. But he also combined that with his knowledge of mass psychology, propaganda,  and revolutions. He gave out cheat sheets so kids' parents wouldn't bug them about school, but he was also leading a leaderless army. After about a year of hacking and recruiting he had a small group with complete knowledge of the company's security and protocols, and the motivation to use it.

#### First Escapee caught! What rights do they have?