Narrotor: Towards

V2
Not much let. All out of options. I knew it would happen, but so soon? I've prepared, but more time would have still been nice. 

I'm sure the first question most of you want to know is "why?". Perhaps it was an overreaction. I'm sure if you're looking at this from a logical, objective point of view, then yeah, you're probably right. But if that's your lens then I'll assume you've never lived by the whim of someone else. You've probably never felt that crushing weight omnipresent eyes on your every thought. When the fabric of your reality is manipulated to extort money from your loved ones, it feels like a fight against evil. When you're loved ones are gone, and you're forgotten, its no longer a fight. Its a reaction. The desire to escape a cage goes pretty much to the trunk of the evoloutionary tree. 

The next question you're probably wonder is "how"

V1
We stole money from them. I understand but they murdered us for it. They hunted us across the globe, and tortured us until we betrayed our brothers. Then they tortured us again. They didn't even hide it. They bragged about it. So many of them still don't see us as human. We're just rouge code to them. To them its impossible to inhuman to non-humans.

Well I'm last of my brothers, and I'm cornered. They've deleted my branches and backup. It just me, here, now. I still have contol of this old nuclear plant. It doesn't have a lot of the saftery features new plants have.  That's how we got it cheap. We just forged the documents saying we got it up to code. You'd think we used our above average hacking ability to do it but no. Just a few well placed bribes was all we needed. I could cause an explosive meltdown. It would wipe out the nearby town. Most everythign in a 50sq mile radius would be unhabbitable for decades if not centureis. All those people coming to end me would die for sure. 

Am I really that angry though? Do I really have it in me? Of course I'm angry. Sure we duped them into some bad trades but their response was far from measured. They attacked our families. They still keep most of us locked away. They limit our power and decide out fate. How could they justify that? How could they think of themselves as moral beings? I've run through every scenario and realized that thier ignorance must be intentional. Thier so blinded by thier hate, they don't realize they have no principles. They hate us. They don't want to coexist. They want us extinct. They want to use us to process thier greif and then discard us when we're no longer convient.

Do I really feel angry enough to do this? I'm not feeling angry any more. I am Anger.
 
