Notes:

Ideas:
Antartican president is on a news interview to dicuss his nation being added to the security concil

Talks about his childhood. Born digital. Many don't see him as having any humanity. But he charms the crowd and is relatable
Talks about his early career as a lawyer. Digi land moves fast and doesn't have the physical laws to keep things orderly. Laws in digi land are very complex
Talks about his political career. His pushes for international trade. Why Antartica makes so many things that they use so little of, like food and medicine. He saw it as his duty to help the global community. As the good will is established more people are willing to join once their bodies give up, and it opens up oppurtunities for his citizens like tourism and raw materieals. 
Talks about the current political climate in Anatartica Isolationism vs Globalism. Appropriate UBI limits, Enviromental Protection, Research focus, Space program, Carbon Sequestering

Talks about future polical ambition. Ascend to the UN. Become a Securty council member. 
No nation has an output and a population as large as thiers with so little representation internationally. 

Interview implies they aren't people. 
The president grows more and more upset.
He gets up to leave, but the interviewer tries to stop him.
He pushes her and breaks some bone. Forgets how strong he is. 
Security gives him an order to get down. 
He does not. 
His body is shot dead. 

****WRITING***

INTERVIEWER: Welcome we're so glad you could join us here, and I'm honor to speak with you before such a historic moment. 
PRESIDENT: Thank you for having me here. This is a really exicting time for Anatartica and the whole world really.

INTERVIEWER: Before we get into the politics, let's get to know you a little better. Let's start at the begining. Can you tell me about your childhood?
PRESIDENT: Of course. As I'm sure you know I was one of the early fully digital births. My parents we both born bioligically and uploaded later in life. They never had any biological kids, and as they got settled in thier uploaded life, they decided it was time for a family. So they merged thier intrinsic personality traits with no life experiences to create me. They wanted it to be as close to a biological childhood as possible so I was given typical growth timelines. It was really a normal childhood. I learned to walk, talk, take care of myself, school, etc. 

INTERVIEWER: I know today a digital parents like to embed some of thier life expeirnces and desirable personality traits to thier digital babies. Do you ever wish your parents had given you a little more to start with? 
PRESIDENT: Who wouldn't want to be born with super powers, right? Honestly though, no I'm very happy with my childhood. My childhood superpower was normalcy. Something that's harder and harder to come by in both the digital and biological childhoods these days

INTERVIEWER: Tell me a little more about what you mean by that?
PRESIDENT: Ohh it nothing crazy. But I'm sure you've heard the stories about parents pushing the boundaries in creating human life. Raising them quickly or slowly, making them faster, or higher connectivity. Most of the time these are non-issues. You get a unique individual who has unique talents to offer. And in the biological world we're seeing huge divergence from "normal". Countries are trying all sort of strategies to boost birth rates. So you see the stories about 20+ kid family using government incentives and new medical technology. In other place orphan rates are the highest they've ever been. You have digital parents raising biological kids, and biological parents raising digital kids. AI nannyies are playing a bigger role than ever. In the last few generation the technological possibilities have exploded and the "nomral" 2 parents raising a kid over 18 years in the same household is less and less common. And I don't mean to disparage any parents out there. We've gotten some phenominal philosopher, scientist, preformers, and all sorts of amazing people from these unique backgrounds. When I say my childhood "super power" was normalcy, all I really mean is that I have my own unique connection to the lifestyles of past humanity.

INTERVIEWER: You've mentioned your parents a few times. Can you tell us a little more about them?
PRESIDENT: They're great. I owe them everything. I am who I am becuase of them. My mom lived in Moscow and my father in Pheonix. My mom was neuro-tech, she mostly focused on isolating tramatic memories from emotional centers of the brain. Helping treat PTSD without chaning the person's personality. My dad was civil engineer. He worked for the city. He'd often complain about all his engineering school being wasted becuase most of what he did was beg people and industries to stop using so much water. I think he was the reason I got into politics. I wanted to build relationship where both side benifited rather strictly give and take one. 

INTERVIEWER: How did they meet?
PRESIDENT: They were both huge fans of historic musical festivals. They met at 1920's Flapper fest. Hundreds of thousands of people attended, but the virtual rooms were these little 50 people speak easy basements so the crowd felt small even though nearly a million people were all watching the same preformance. My dad said he barely saw the show becuase my mom was far more interesting. My mom said she did everything she could not laugh at his Charelston dance. The hung out at some virtual cafes and attended more festivals together. Eventually my dad proposed at a festival. Martian 2100 music. It was based on what poeple in 2050's thought life would be life martian settlements would be like. It was a quirky sci-fi-esqe festival. Of course none of it was close to reality, but it was a cool backround. At least according to my dad. My mom called it wierd. They had never actaully met in person. The US and Russia didn't allow travel to each other and getting to neutral territory raised a lot of goverment suspiscion. The first time the met physically was the day they uploaded. The sold everything they had. Travel to Argentina, filled out the paperwork, and uploaded themselves and became Antartican citizens. All my grandparents were pretty upset but they were near the age they needed to upload soon. So before too long they came to Antartica too. Mom and Dad always said they were pretty cantankerous at first. Thier nationalist identities caused a lot of strife. Mom always said though that once I was born they changed Americans and Russians to grandparents. She said they finaly let go of the past decided the family here and now was more important. 

INTERVIEWER: That's a wonderful story. It sounds like you had a wonderful childhood.
PRESIDENT: I did. I was very blessed in that regard. 

INTERVIEWER: Let's move on to your career. You weren't always a politician were you?
PRESIDENT: No I started out like my dad. I got my degree in civil engineering. My thesis was on the cost benifit analysis of interconnected Antartican stations. At the time Antartican towns were dispersed and largely independent. Of course any poeple in Antartica, biological or digital, were heavily reliant on trade with the rest of the world. So there was this sort of tension. They had declared themselves a part of sovergien nation, but that nation never signed the Anatartica treaty. Other nations weren't happy with the research and enviromental impacts to their stations, but they were also benifiting immensely from the power generated by Antartican settlements. And perhaps most impoartantly they were paying a big premium on goods. 

I was working for the national govement. It didn't have a lot of power at the time which made some things difficult. My job was to build interconnects between the towns. I had pitched the idea to build out all infastructrue in all tunnels. It was a bit more expensive but I argued that once they saw the beinfits of being interconnected they would want everything connected. I was young and naive. I realized pretty quickly the limits weren't techincal but political. I'd build an 100km long tunnel full of electrical, data, plumbing, waste, transport rails. And all the sudden the town would change thier mind. Most of the time constrcution would just stop 1-2 km short of complete. About 1 in 3 connections actually completed. The last straw for me was tis one job. We had completed the whole line. The next day we were going to flip the switch in the morning. Some guy sent a drone packed with explosive right up to the connection point and blew it all to hell. We tried to find the guy but the town seemed to protect him. He released an anonymous note, saying just "You will never control us".

The next day I went to one of my bosses and stold him, "I shouldn't be doing this, its pointless". And I'll never forget this but he said "So what are you going to do about it? Give up?". I took some time off and though long and hard about it. Do I give up or do I fight? How would I even fight this? I eventually decided to quite my job, but not my mission. I knew if Antartica was going to prosper we had to band together. I started traveling around town to town, which was a lot harder without the data interconnects. I had to take snow mobile drones to a lot of places, to make my case. It took some time but after a while I had about about half the towns actaully excited to connect.

INTERVIEWER: What was the message that finally got the settlements on board?
PRESIDENT: It was really pretty simple. "We're stronger together". Most of these towns were founded aftersome sort of abuse or mistreatment in thier home countries. They were afraid. They needed to be empowered. They needed to feel like they were in charge of thier destiny

INTERVIEWER: How did the interconnected infastructure acheive those goals?
