Notes:

Ideas:
Landing goes smooth. Few resistance easily killed. Ports and Internet Hubs in UN control
Air support minimal.
Ships destroyed by rail gun artillary, and Whale soldiers
Antratican's have ortibal suppiority
Bear Trap - Convoy encircled by Bear soldiers. Severs the front from the back destroys the middle. 
Goal was to take controll of power infastrture to force Antartica to surrends.
After the push inward goals were shifted from power plants to uranium mines and centrifuges. Less immediate impact but still would force antarticans to negotiate
Unit arrives at Uranium Mines. The foot of the convoy was already there.
APV were torn to sheds, but it appears some soldiers made it in.
Turrets are active but not firing. Assumed out of ammo.
The go in the the groud level. Under miles of ice. Huge centrifuges, chemical processing facilities. 
One soldier wants to destroy it. But then UN would loose its leverage
No communication under the ice.
First step to find the control room. 
Eventaually come upon a server farm. They find some workers. And attempt to enter. 
One worker tries to talk them out of it but eventually they comply
When the door opens they walk a little ways in the bodies of workers are lieing dead.
Threats are made and questions asked of what happened. 
Worker says he can spare them. But if a single shot it fired, fire suppression will remove the oxygen in under a minute
Worker offers the soldiers a chance to leave the server room.

Tells them the control "room" is mobile. It travels the mine. All 600 miles/level with 10 levels. Its a maze they will never get out of. 
They also can't leave. The turrets gave them a chance to surrender, but won't give them a chance fight again.
There's food, and water. 
Cots and living quaters can be arranged.  They could hold out there for a few days. Longer if their supply routes weren't going to the war effort. Or longer if some don't survive. 
Or they can become Antartican. There are upload centers. Thier bodies could be saved if they want to return.
Each individual has to make a choice. Die fighting, turn POW, or upload. 
One soldier makes a choice for them all. Blows C4 hole in the server room wall. 
The three workers become super soldiers. The metal bits start to tear through the fleshy bit.
The workers punch the soldier hard enough to shatter ribs and take the UN guns and start gunning down the soldiers. A few flee and make it to the door to be gunned down by the turrets. 
A few die quickly
Some lay dieing. 
The option to live as a POW is gone.
Congress man: You say there were no survivors. How are you hear. 
Soldier: I uploaded. My mind is there. They fixed up my body and let me return to give this testomony. Whether you kill or imprison the body I am there. My family is there. Me, here, now. Its a curtesy to you, the army, this nation. You may be thinking the fight will go on. Maybe some of you realize you've already lost. But I'm here to tell you what you need to know. Biological human life is no longer the dominant species on this planet. 


+++++++++++
STORY
+++++++++++

Narrator: 

Interview:

* Senator: Today we are hearing from Sargent Doe


