My flesh. My bones. My soul.
They live. They make me human. They make me alive.

Silcon, qubits, neurual nets, and glass fibers. They aren't alive. They do kill. They're death incarnated. 

The idea that we can live in the materials of death is lie.  We may preserve our memories, thoughts and mental patterns. But our bodies anchor our souls to this worlds. When the body ends the soul moves on. This has been true since the first humans walked the earth and will be true until the last star burns out. I truely do hope the next world is kind to the poor misguided souls who thought they could acheive immortality in a construct of obilivion.

We live at a crossroad in history. Life and death are no longer in harmony on this planet. The scales of life and death have tipped much too far in death's favor. We intend to restore that harmony. The sacrifices will be great. But cost of inaction will be human extinction. 

I do have regrets. It is unfortunate that many people will not survive. This is an unfortunate necessaity since we've woven our existence togther with the enemy so tightly. May God reward them in the afterlife.  Another unfortunate necessaity will be the hardship that will follow as we rebuild. Starting anew if never easy, but once we are free of the scourge our spirits will be clean and our existence may once again be rightous. 

Perhaps my biggest regret is that this will be a temporary harmony. Some of the uploaded will survive. They have spread across the planets. Well beyond our reach. I'm unsure how long Earth will be safe from thier corruption. 10, 100, 1000 years? Maybe if we'd acted sooner we could have made the harmony longer or even permanent. Maybe as a species would could have worked to accept death in its natural form, rather than a condition to be treated. Whatever we might have done, its too late now. All we can do is make this sacrifice so a few more generations have the chance to live.

May God have mercy on us as we forge ahead into the next chapter of humanity. And may he guide our bombs to rid us of our corrupted creations of death.  
