The Cosmic was all that exist. Bored, it decided to split it self. Matter and Energy were born. They dance and laughed, but wanted more. The took parts of them selves and created two new gods. The gods of planets and and god of stars. They began a new dance. Slower. More precise. Until once again the gods grew bored. The god of planets and the god of sun chose a home for their child, the god of life. The older generations would never relinquish all their power so the god of life was quite small and quite powerless. But it had an power no other gad hod. The power to grow. It danced all over the planet until it had changed the planet. Something the other gods found quite entertaining. 
After eons the god of life was ready to split. It gave all its power to its 4 children. The plant god could harness sun gods energy. The animal god created movement. The bacteria and fungal gods created the soil for the plant god. The 4 gods lived in harmony. Old gods tried to limit their power, but life was too resilient. Every set back simply started a new era. The animal god had many children, as did the other life gods. But one child in particular was different, the human god. They didn't just live in harmony with the other gods. The human god sought to control all the god's of life and perhaps more. 
To achieve this 5 new gods were created, the god's of human experience. The cosmic gods simple sought to exist. The life god sought grow. But these human god also wanted control. They were created with duality, earning them the names the 2 faced gods. Two side of the same experience. One side to guide, the other to punish. The two faced god had a new power. A power to harm its subjects if they stray from the path of its control.
The two faced gods created angels and demons. Creatures 


Two faced gods
* Connection - Belonging/Isolation
* Ability - Confidence/Shame
* Meaning - Purpose/Guilt
* Worth - Competence/Inferiority
* Morality - Integrity/Despair
